feat(curriculum): add Describing a Company (#66378)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-warm-up-describing-a-company-basics/69b0348953ae0c37beb2a3c0.md

---
id: 69b0348953ae0c37beb2a3c0
title: Task 2
challengeType: 24
dashedName: task-2
lang: es
---

# --description--

> Let’s continue practicing both pronunciation and listening recognition of numbers in Spanish, focusing on the range from 30 to 39.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's continue practicing both pronunciation and listening recognition of numbers in Spanish, focusing on the range from 30 to 39.
```
